Webpack: Specify type property is referring to a top-level property (#30045)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: javascript/organizing_your_javascript_code/webpack.md

Inside your new directory, before we install anything, open `package.json`. If you see `"type": "commonjs"` or `"type": "module"` inside, **remove it**, otherwise Webpack will start throwing errors at us due to clashing module issues.

> Once we've made sure `package.json` does not contain a top-level `"type"` property, we can go ahead and install Webpack, which involves two packages.

Reviewer: I'm thinking it could be even less confusing if we combine these sentences and I'm curious to hear what you think about that. 

```suggestion
Inside your new directory, before we install anything, open `package.json` and remove the top-level `"type": "commonjs"` or `"type": "module"` property if it exists, otherwise Webpack will start throwing errors at us due to clashing module issues. Once that's done, we can go ahead and install Webpack, which involves two packages.
```

Author: I dig the wording :+1:
